this video from CES 2018 is brought to
you by synergy synergy to makes sharing
a single mouse and keyboard between
multiple machines easier than ever check
it out at the link below okay guys now
this this is some crazy stuff I never
thought I would live to see the day
Intel and AMD technology in one box one
box made by Intel this is the Hades
Canyon nook it is their most powerful
nook ever by a very significant margin
and it is running an 8th gen Intel Core
i7 processor and Radeon rx Vega mobile
graphics now they're gonna have two
different models that are gonna be
available in bare-bones units just like
previous Nook so what you get is you get
the CPU the motherboard the case the
power supply and oh right
graphics so you got to add your own RAM
and your own operating system but this
thing is loaded for bear on the front
you got your power switch yeah sure
whatever reset or whatever that is SD
reader 2 USB 3 ports HDMI out for VR yes
my friends VR capable right you've got
another USB this one's a Type C and
you've got a front audio jack then
moving it around to the back I got one
that's not plugged in what this thing
has 6 display outputs two HDMI 2.0 2
mini DisplayPort 2 Thunderbolts at the
back there's your power and also another
audio jack Thank You rear audio on small
form-factor really appreciate that that
also does optical out 4 more USB threes
to land ports because you know whatever
we're just going to cover the whole
thing in in i/o anyway and Oh check this
out that right there is validated for a
hundred watts of cooling because inside
this thing on the high-end model there's
a hundred watt model and there's a 65
watt model you're gonna find a quad core
hyper threaded processor the top-end one
is actually overclockable and they've
had it running up to five gigahertz in
the lab and it is cooled by this frickin
thing so the entire
back half of the entire back is
dedicated to heatsink with this sexy
vapor chamber that covers one of the
most unique processors that we have ever
seen so right here on this side there's
your quad-core Intel CPU right here on
this side there's your Vega base yes my
friends AMD's custom silicon solution
department but same guys that have
worked with the game console makers are
actually providing a GPU to Intel and
this is an HP m2 memory module so all
three of these are sitting on this
really special layer that I can actually
even show you guys because it's so small
that it's called an email and it allows
high-speed communication between all
three of these components so effectively
this is a full PCI Express 8 X Gen 3
link between the CPU and the GPU
unbelievable and the whole thing is so
thin that you're not just gonna see this
in nooks you're also gonna see this
integrated in laptops and Intel's
expecting performance in the
neighborhood of better than a 10 60 max
q out of this tightly integrated
solution they're also estimating that
compared to Intel integrated graphics
which we saw in the skull canyon look
last year that we can see up to a 50%
improvement in performance now it is a
little bigger and it is a little thicker
it's 1.2 liters compared to 0.7 liters
for last generation but if you're
looking for a tiny powerhouse of a
machine I don't think you're gonna find
anything close to this on the market not
that this is actually on the market yet
so let's get to that it's gonna be
coming sometime later this year pricing
is gonna be $7.99 for the 65 watt non
overclockable version and approximately
this is all estimates $9.99 for the
overclockable one which CPU and GPU will
be overclockable and you're gonna have
to add your own ram your own operating
system and your own storage which is
interesting cuz they got - I've got two
slots in there so you could put like a
regular SSD or maybe octane that would
be a cool idea
I wonder if Intel thought of putting
octane in there for super high-speed
storage
speaking of thinking of things have you
guys given any thought to synergy -
since the beginning of this video
well you should it's the new generation
of software from seamless that lets you
share a keyboard and mouse between
multiple computers be they Windows Mac
OS and Linux it's pretty freaking cool
and it's easier to configure then ever
including now the ability to work around
complicated networking configurations
and automatically find the best path so
go check it out at the link in the video
description that's seamless comm slash
synergy slash CES 1 and you can get 50%
off so thanks for watching this video
guys you can dislike you can like it's
up to you you can also get subscribed
and make sure you don't miss any of the
rest of our content from CES 2018
although I can't promise there's gonna
be anything else more mind-blowing than
this can you see that
it's crazy